Release notes for Red Hat Developer Hub 1.6.0 (#1133)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/ref-release-notes-deprecated-functionalities.adoc

This section lists deprecated functionalities in {product} {product-version}.

[id="deprecated-functionality-rhidp-6215"]
== The Topology-specific permission `topology.view.read` is removed

> Previously, the Topology plugin used `topology.view.read` permission to control access. Users were unable to configure Topology permissions via RBAC UI. With this update, users can configure Kubernetes plugin permissions via RBAC UI that now governs the access to Topology plugin. You can now use Kubernetes plugin permissions `kubernetes.clusters.read` and `kubernetes.resources.read` for Topology plugin, as topology-specific permission `topology.view.read` is removed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the Topology plugin used `topology.view.read` permission to control access. Users were unable to configure Topology permissions using the RBAC UI. With this update, users can configure Kubernetes plugin permissions using the RBAC UI, which now governs access to the Topology plugin. You can now use Kubernetes plugin permissions `kubernetes.clusters.read` and `kubernetes.resources.read` for the Topology plugin, as the topology-specific permission `topology.view.read` is removed. 

```

> If you are using csv permission file, update the following line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a CSV permission file, update the following line:

```

> If you are using csv permission file, please update the following line:

Reviewer 2: Consider removing fluff

```suggestion
If you are using csv permission file, update the following line:

```
